README.md, before:

![](demo.png)

**Material Ocean** is an [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) dark theme that combines
navy blue undertones with pinky red highlights for a pleasant visual experience.

This theme is also available for use with [Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Equinusocio.vsc-material-theme), [Notion](https://notion-enhancer.github.io), and [a variety of other apps and desktop environments](https://github.com/material-ocean/Material-Ocean).

## Manual Installation

1. Download this repository.
2. Copy it into your vault's `.obsidian/themes` directory.
3. In Obsidian, navigate to **Settings** → **Appearance**.
4. Select `Material Ocean` from the dropdown under the **Themes** option.
5. You're done! 🎉

## Features

As well as recolouring Obsidian's interface,
the **Material Ocean** theme comes with a number of layout tweaks
and quality of life editor improvements.

- Tables now expand to the full width of the page.
- Line heights and element margins/padding/positioning have been
  adjusted to handle layout inconsistencies and off-centre elements.
- Code will scroll horizontally instead of wrapping onto the next line.
  In reading mode, whole blocks can be scrolled. In source mode, lines
  are instead individually scrollable due to architectural limitations.
- The default window minimize/maximise/close icons have been replaced with
  icons from the [Feather Icons](https://feathericons.com/) set, to match
  the smoother designs of the other in-app icons.
- The following alternative checkbox styles have been added:
  - `- [/]` represents an incomplete task with a half-filled circle.
  - `- [-]` represents a cancelled task by crossing it out.

## Supported Plugins

Most Obsidian plugins should work with this theme out of the box.
Additional styling has been provided specifically for the
[Calendar](https://github.com/liamcain/obsidian-calendar-plugin),
[Full Calendar](https://github.com/davish/obsidian-full-calendar),
and [Dictionary](https://github.com/phibr0/obsidian-dictionary) plugins
to ensure compatibility.

## Disclaimer

This theme is provided as-is and is designed for personal use. It has not
been thoroughly tested and may not work as expected with all future updates.

If you notice something looks wrong, please open a bug report or pull request
so it can be fixed. I will try my best to help but may not always be available.

Commit message:

accented top-left toggle, visible borders, + minor fixes

README.md, after:

<img src="./screenshot-red.png" style="width:50%;">
<img src="./screenshot-blue.png" style="width:50%;float:right;">

**Material Ocean** is an [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) dark theme that combines
navy blue undertones with pinky red highlights for a pleasant visual experience.

The recommended accent colours for this theme are either `#ff475a`
(pinky red, the default) or `#82aaff` (sky blue).

This theme is also available for use with [Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Equinusocio.vsc-material-theme), [Notion](https://notion-enhancer.github.io), and [a variety of other apps and desktop environments](https://github.com/material-ocean/Material-Ocean).

## Manual Installation

1. Download this repository.
2. Copy it into your vault's `.obsidian/themes` directory.
3. In Obsidian, navigate to **Settings** → **Appearance**.
4. Select `Material Ocean` from the dropdown under the **Themes** option.
5. You're done! 🎉

## Features

As well as recolouring Obsidian's interface,
the **Material Ocean** theme comes with a number of layout and typography
tweaks and quality of life editor improvements.

- Headings are underlined.
- Tables now expand to the full width of the page and have a
  shaded header row.
- Line heights and element margins/padding/positioning have been
  adjusted to counteract layout inconsistencies and off-centre elements.
- Code will scroll horizontally instead of wrapping onto the next line.
  In reading mode, whole blocks can be scrolled. In source mode, lines
  are instead individually scrollable due to architectural limitations.
- The default window minimize/maximise/close icons have been replaced with
  icons from the [Lucide](https://lucide.dev/) icons toolkit, to match
  the smoother designs of the other in-app icons.
- The following alternative checkbox styles have been added:
  - `- [/]` represents an incomplete task with a half-filled circle.
  - `- [-]` represents a cancelled task by crossing it out.

## Supported Plugins

Most Obsidian plugins should work with this theme out of the box.
Additional styling has been provided specifically for the
[Calendar](https://github.com/liamcain/obsidian-calendar-plugin),
[Full Calendar](https://github.com/davish/obsidian-full-calendar),
and [Dictionary](https://github.com/phibr0/obsidian-dictionary) plugins
to ensure compatibility and fix minor display issues.

## Disclaimer

This theme is provided as-is and is designed for personal use. It has not
been thoroughly tested and may not work as expected with all future updates.

If you notice something looks wrong, please open a bug report or pull request
so it can be fixed. I will try my best to help but may not always be available.
